Update fleet-gitops README.md (#53)
fleetdm/fleet-gitops: README.md

This is the starter repository for using [Fleet](https://fleetdm.com) with a GitOps workflow.

> > For GitOps workflow documentation, run `fleetctl gitops --help` from fleetctl.

Author: ```suggestion
> Calling 'fleetctl gitops' directly is only recommended for experienced users. For documentation, run `fleetctl gitops --help`.
```
